well howdy there internet people it's
boullion so today we're going to talk
about what your mom would do
moms are normally pretty smart and you
know one of the things that people don't
consider when they picture somebody
joining the military is that their teens
heading away from home for the first
time not just are they joining the
military but they're leaving home for
the first time so there's a whole bunch
of things that they're going to
encounter that they may need reassurance
with they mean may need a little bit of
guidance and since they're away from
home they may not have that immediate
access to it so a lot of people will
tell you that half of an NCOs real job
is being a parental figure to their
troops and this plays out in other ways
too so years ago I was at a hospital on
post and there's this young kid in there
he's like 19 he's got a cold he has a
cold he has bad cold goes to the doc doc
comes in yeah you got a cold and the
kids like whoa are you gonna give me any
meds for it you know what what should I
do
and the doctor responded in such a way
that was just so condescending it could
only come from a medical professional
but at the same time years later I
remember it because it was the most
effective thing I've ever seen
Doc's like well what would your mom tell
you to do cats like well stay home get
lots of rest drink lots of fluid soup
use tylenol if I get a fever if it gets
really bad call somebody you know call
call you guys your mom sounds like a
really smart lady let's start with that
very wise advice what else might a mom
tell you to do during cold season go
ahead and make sure you have all that
stuff food soup that you might need
Pedialyte Gatorade stuff to keep you
hydrated cold medicine tylenol probably
also encourage you to wash your hands
don't touch your face get a lot of hand
sanitizer around high-traffic areas in
the home like doorknobs high touch the
stuff door knobs or remote stuff like
that make sure they're washed they're
cleaned
maybe designate a room in our mind at
least that if people feel bad that's
where they should go probably her room
you know it has a bathroom as well so
people that don't feel well they can
just hang out in there watch TV
relax recover unless it gets bad take
care of it yourself unless it gets bad
you don't want to strain a system that
doesn't need to be strained a lot of
times people picture the worst case but
the worst case is just that it's the
worst case most people don't get the
worst case most people get something
they can take care of at home something
we should remember because while medical
professionals do their job and they work
from an abundance of caution I think
there still needs to be some moms out
there conveying calm
anyway it's just a fall y'all y'all have
a good day